update READMEs (#1407)
Khan/perseus: packages/math-input/README.md

# @khanacademy/math-input

> Khan Academy's expression editor for the mobile web. Used in the [Perseus](https://github.com/khan/perseus) exercise framework to power math input and expression editing on small screens.

Reviewer: It's not just for mobile web anymore, though, is it?  

```suggestion
Khan Academy's expression editor for the web. Used in the [Perseus](https://github.com/khan/perseus) exercise framework to power math input and expression editing on all screens.
```
